What is robotics?
Robotics is a branch of engineering and computer science that involves the conception, design, manufacture and operation
of robots. The objective of the robotics field is to create intelligent machines that can assist humans in a variety of
ways.

Robotics can take on a number of forms. A robot might resemble a human or be in the form of a robotic application, such
as robotic process automation, which simulates how humans engage with software to perform repetitive, rules-based tasks.

While the field of robotics and exploration of the potential uses and functionality of robots have grown substantially
in the 21st century, the idea certainly isn't new.

The early history of robotics
The term robotics is an extension of the word robot. One of its first uses came from Czech writer Karel Čapek, who used
the word in his 1920 play, Rossum's Universal Robots.
However, in the 1940s, the Oxford English Dictionary credited science fiction author Isaac Asimov for being the first
person to use the term. In Asimov's story, he suggested three principles to guide the behavior of autonomous robots and
smart machines:

Robots must never harm human beings.
Robots must follow instructions from humans without violating rule 1.
Robots must protect themselves without violating the other rules.
His three laws of robotics have survived to the present day. However, it wasn't until a couple of decades later, in
1961, that the first programmable robot -- called Unimate, derived from universal automation -- was created based on
designs from the '50s to move scalding metal pieces from a die-cast machine. The Stanford Research Institute's robot
dubbed Shakey followed suit in 1966 as the first mobile robot, thanks to software and hardware that enabled it to sense
and grasp the environment, though in a limited capacity.

Robotics applications
Today, industrial robots, as well as many other types of robots, are used to perform repetitive tasks. They can take the
form of a robotic arm, a collaborative robot (cobot), a robotic exoskeleton or traditional humanoid robots.

Industrial robots and robot arms are used by manufacturers and warehouses, such as those owned by Amazon and Best Buy.

To function, a combination of computer programming and algorithms, a remotely controlled manipulator, actuators, control
systems -- action, processing and perception -- real-time sensors and an element of automation help to inform what a
robot or robotic system does.

Some additional applications for robotics include the following:

Home electronics. Vacuum cleaners and lawnmowers can be programmed to automatically perform tasks without human
intervention.
Home monitoring. This includes specific types of robots that can monitor home energy usage or provide home security
monitoring services, such as Amazon Astro.
Artificial intelligence (AI). Robotics is widely used in AI and machine learning (ML) processes, specifically for
object recognition, natural language processing, predictive maintenance and process automation.
Data science. The field of data science relies on robotics to perform tasks including data cleaning, data automation,
data analytics and anomaly detection.
Law enforcement and military. Both law enforcement and the military rely heavily on robotics, as it can be used for
surveillance and reconnaissance missions. Robotics is also used to improve soldier mobility on the battlefield.
Mechanical engineering. Robotics is widely used in manufacturing operations, such as the inspection of pipelines for
corrosion and testing the structural integrity of buildings.
Mechatronics. Robotics aids in the development of smart factories, robotics-assisted surgery devices and autonomous
vehicles.
Nanotechnology. Robotics is extensively used in the manufacturing of microelectromechanical systems, which is a process
used to create tiny integrated systems.
Bioengineering and healthcare. Surgical robots, assistive robots, lab robots and telemedicine robots are all examples of
robotics used in the fields of healthcare and bioengineering.
Aerospace. Robotics can be used for drilling, painting, coating, inspection and maintenance of aircraft components.

Types of robotics
Robots are designed to perform specific tasks and operate in different environments. The following are some common types
of robots used across various industries:

Industrial robots. Frequently used in manufacturing and warehouse settings, these large programmable robots are
transforming the supply chain by performing tasks such as welding, painting, assembling and material handling.
Service robots. These robots are used in a variety of fields in different scenarios, such as domestic chores,
hospitality, retail and healthcare. Examples include cleaning robots, entertainment robots and personal assistance
robots.
Medical robots. These robots help with surgical procedures, rehabilitation and diagnostics in healthcare settings.
Robotic surgery systems, exoskeletons and artificial limbs are a few examples of medical robots.
Autonomous vehicles. These robots are mainly used for transportation purposes and can include self-driving cars, drones
and autonomous delivery robots. They navigate and make decisions using advanced sensors and AI algorithms.
Humanoid robots. These robots are programmed to imitate and mimic human movements and actions. They look humanlike and
are employed in research, entertainment and human-robot interactions.
Cobots. Contrary to the majority of other types of robots, which do their tasks alone or in entirely separated work
environments, cobots can share workplaces with human employees, enabling them to work more productively. They're
typically used to remove costly, dangerous or time-consuming tasks from routine workflows. Cobots can occasionally
recognize and respond to human movement.
Agricultural robots. These robots are used in farming and agricultural applications. They can plant, harvest, apply
pesticides and check crop health.
Exploration and space robots. These robots are used in missions to explore space as well as in harsh regions on Earth.
Examples include underwater exploration robots and rovers used on Mars expeditions.
Defense and military robots. These robots aid military tasks and operations including surveillance, bomb disposal and

search-and-rescue missions. They're specifically designed to operate in unknown terrains.
Educational robots. These robots are created to instruct and educate kids about robotics, programming and
problem-solving. Kits and platforms for hands-on learning in academia are frequent examples of educational robots.
Entertainment robots. Created for entertainment purposes, these robots come in the form of robotic pets, humanoid
companions and interactive toys.

Machine learning in robotics
Machine learning and robotics intersect in a field known as robot learning. Robot learning is the study of techniques
that enable a robot to acquire new knowledge or skills through ML algorithms.

Some applications that have been explored by robot learning include grasping objects, object categorization and even
linguistic interaction with a human peer. Learning can happen through self-exploration or guidance from a human operator.

To learn, intelligent robots must accumulate facts through human input or sensors. Then, the robot's processing unit
compares the newly acquired data with previously stored information to predict the best course of action based on the
data it has acquired. However, it's important to understand that a robot can only solve problems that it's built to
solve. It doesn't have general analytical abilities.

Some examples of current applications of machine learning in robotics include the following:

Computer vision. Robots can perceive, identify and navigate their environments with the help of machine vision, which
uses ML algorithms and sensors. Computer vision is used in a wide range of settings, including manufacturing procedures,
such as material inspection and pattern and signature recognition.
Self-supervised learning. By using large sets of data, robots can be taught to perform tasks without being specifically
trained to do so, such as in neural networks. Self-supervised learning can be used to increase the ability of robots to
adapt to changing environments.
Imitation learning. This entails educating robots to replicate human behavior by demonstrating desirable actions to
them. This can be used to improve the speed and accuracy of automated procedures.
Assistive robotics. Machine learning can be used to create robotic devices that help people with daily tasks such as
mobility and household duties. For example, wheelchair-mounted robot arms can offer greater independence to people with
limited mobility in their upper extremities.
Reinforcement learning. This entails teaching robots how to carry out challenging tasks through the use of
trial-and-error techniques to make robotic systems more effective and efficient.
The pros and cons of robotics
Robotic systems are coveted in many industries because they can increase accuracy, reduce costs and increase safety for
human beings.

Common advantages of robotics include the following:

Safety. Safety is arguably one of robotics' greatest benefits, as many dangerous or unhealthy environments no longer
require the human element. Examples include the nuclear industry, space, defense and maintenance. With robots or robotic
systems, workers can avoid exposure to hazardous chemicals and even limit psychosocial and ergonomic health risks.
Increased productivity. Robots don't readily become tired or worn out as humans do. They can work continuously without
breaks while performing repetitive jobs, which boosts productivity.
Accuracy. Robots can perform precise tasks with greater consistency and accuracy than humans can. This eliminates the
risk of errors and inconsistencies.
Flexibility. Robots can be programmed to carry out a variety of tasks and are easily adaptable to new use cases.
Cost savings. By automating repetitive tasks, robots can reduce labor costs.
However, despite these benefits, robotics also comes with the following drawbacks:

Task suitability. Certain tasks are simply better suited for humans -- for example, those jobs that require creativity,
adaptability and critical decision-making skills.
Economic problems. Since robots can perform most jobs that humans do with more precision, speed and accuracy, there's
always a potential risk that they could eventually replace human jobs.
Cost. Most robotic systems have a high initial cost. It can also cost a lot to repair and maintain robots.
Increased dependency. Overreliance on robots can result in a decrease in human talents and problem-solving abilities as
well as an increase in technological dependence.
Security risks. There's always a risk of robotic devices getting hacked or hijacked, especially if they're being used
for defense and security purposes.
Power requirements. Robots consume a lot of energy and constant power to operate. Regular upkeep and maintenance are
also needed to keep them in good working condition.
The future of robotics
Robots are becoming more efficient, flexible and autonomous as AI, machine learning and sensor technologies progress.
They're predicted to play an increasingly essential role in a variety of industries and applications in the future. A
study by Spherical Insights and Consulting estimated that the size of the global robotics market will increase from
$25.82 billion in 2022 to $115.88 billion by 2032.

However, there are also possible concerns about employment losses associated with the exponential adoption of robotics
across various industries. According to Oxford Economics, up to 20 million manufacturing jobs could be lost to robots by
2030. On the flip side, robots are likely to generate new professional opportunities in fields such as programming and
maintenance, despite the looming possibility of job losses.


What Is Robotics?
Robotics is the intersection of science, engineering and technology that produces machines, called robots, that
replicate or substitute for human actions. Robots perform basic and repetitive tasks with greater efficiency and
accuracy than humans, making them ideal for industries like manufacturing. However, the introduction of artificial
intelligence in robotics has given robots the ability to handle increasingly complex situations in various industries.



What Is a Robot?
A robot is a programmable machine that can complete a task, while the term robotics describes the field of study
focused on developing robots and automation. Each robot has a different level of autonomy. These levels range from
human-controlled bots that carry out tasks to fully-autonomous bots that perform tasks without any external influences.

In terms of etymology, the word ‘robot’ is derived from the Czech word robota, which means “forced labor.” The word
first appeared in the 1920 play R.U.R., in reference to the play’s characters who were mass-produced workers incapable
of creative thinking.



Robotics Aspects

Mechanical Construction
The mechanical aspect of a robot helps it complete tasks in the environment for which it’s designed. For example, the
Mars 2020 Rover’s wheels are individually motorized and made of titanium tubing that help it firmly grip the harsh
terrain of the red planet.

Electrical Components
Robots need electrical components that control and power the machinery. Essentially, an electric current — a battery,
for example — is needed to power a large majority of robots.

Software Program
Robots contain at least some level of computer programming. Without a set of code telling it what to do, a robot would
just be another piece of simple machinery. Inserting a program into a robot gives it the ability to know when and how to
carry out a task.



What Are the Main Components of a Robot?

Control System
Computation includes all of the components that make up a robot’s central processing unit, often referred to as its
control system. Control systems are programmed to tell a robot how to utilize its specific components, similar in some
ways to how the human brain sends signals throughout the body, in order to complete a specific task. These robotic tasks
could comprise anything from minimally invasive surgery to assembly line packing.

Sensors
Sensors provide a robot with stimuli in the form of electrical signals that are processed by the controller and allow
the robot to interact with the outside world. Common sensors found within robots include video cameras that function as
eyes, photoresistors that react to light and microphones that operate like ears. These sensors allow the robot to
capture its surroundings and process the most logical conclusion based on the current moment and allows the controller
to relay commands to the additional components.

Actuators
A device can only be considered to be a robot if it has a movable frame or body. Actuators are the components that are
responsible for this movement. These components are made up of motors that receive signals from the control system and
move in tandem to carry out the movement necessary to complete the assigned task. Actuators can be made of a variety of
materials, such as metal or elastic, and are commonly operated by use of compressed air (pneumatic actuators) or oil
(hydraulic actuators) but come in a variety of formats to best fulfill their specialized roles.

Power Supply
Like the human body requires food in order to function, robots require power. Stationary robots, such as those found in
a factory, may run on AC power through a wall outlet but more commonly, robots operate via an internal battery. Most
robots utilize lead-acid batteries for their safe qualities and long shelf life while others may utilize the more
compact but also more expensive silver-cadmium variety. Safety, weight, replaceability and lifecycle are all important
factors to consider when designing a robot’s power supply.

Some potential power sources for future robotic development also include pneumatic power from compressed gasses, solar
power, hydraulic power, flywheel energy storage organic garbage through anaerobic digestion and nuclear power.

End Effectors
End effectors are the physical, typically external components that allow robots to finish carrying out their tasks.
Robots in factories often have interchangeable tools like paint sprayers and drills, surgical robots may be equipped
with scalpels and other kinds of robots can be built with gripping claws or even hands for tasks like deliveries,
packing, bomb diffusion and much more.



How Do Robots Work?
Some robots are pre-programmed to perform specific functions, meaning they operate in a controlled environment where
they do simple, monotonous tasks — like a mechanical arm on an automotive assembly line.

Other robots are autonomous, operating independently of human operators to carry out tasks in open environments. In
order to work, they use sensors to perceive the world around them, and then employ decision-making structures (usually
a computer) to take the optimal next step based on their data and mission.

Robots may also work by using wireless networks to enable human control from a safe distance. These teleoperated robots
usually work in extreme geographical conditions, weather and circumstances. Examples of teleoperated robots are the
human-controlled submarines used to fix underwater pipe leaks during the BP oil spill or drones used to detect landmines
on a battlefield.



Types of Robotics

Humanoid Robots
Humanoid robots are robots that look like or mimic human behavior. These robots usually perform human-like activities
(like running, jumping and carrying objects), and are sometimes designed to look like us, even having human faces and
expressions. Two of the most prominent examples of humanoid robots are Hanson Robotics’ Sophia and Boston Dynamics’
Atlas.

Cobots
Cobots, or collaborative robots, are robots designed to work alongside humans. These robots prioritize safety by using
sensors to remain aware of their surroundings, executing slow movements and ceasing actions when their movements are
obstructed. Cobots typically perform simple tasks, freeing up humans to address more complex work.

Industrial Robots
Industrial robots automate processes in manufacturing environments like factories and warehouses. Possessing at least
one robotic arm, these robots are made to handle heavy objects while moving with speed and precision. As a result,
industrial robots often work in assembly lines to boost productivity.

Medical Robots
Medical robots assist healthcare professionals in various scenarios and support the physical and mental health of
humans. These robots rely on AI and sensors to navigate healthcare facilities, interact with humans and execute precise
movements. Some medical robots can even converse with humans, encouraging people’s social and emotional growth.

Agricultural Robots
Agricultural robots handle repetitive and labor-intensive tasks, allowing farmers to use their time and energy more
efficiently. These robots also operate in greenhouses, where they monitor crops and help with harvests. Agricultural
robots come in many forms, ranging from autonomous tractors to drones that collect data for farmers to analyze.

Microrobotics
Microrobotics is the study and development of robots on a miniature scale. Often no bigger than a millimeter,
microrobots can vary in size, depending on the situation. Biotech researchers typically use microrobotics to monitor
and treat diseases, with the goal of improving diagnostic tools and creating more targeted solutions.

Augmenting Robots
Augmenting robots, also known as VR robots, either enhance current human capabilities or replace the capabilities a
human may have lost. The field of robotics for human augmentation is a field where science fiction could become reality
very soon, with bots that have the ability to redefine the definition of humanity by making humans faster and stronger.
Some examples of current augmenting robots are robotic prosthetic limbs or exoskeletons used to lift hefty weights.

Software Bots
Software bots, or simply ‘bots,’ are computer programs which carry out tasks autonomously. They are not technically
considered robots. One common use case of software robots is a chatbot, which is a computer program that simulates
conversation both online and over the phone and is often used in customer service scenarios. Chatbots can either be
simple services that answer questions with an automated response or more complex digital assistants that learn from
user information.



Robotics Applications
Beginning as a major boon for manufacturers, robotics has become a mainstay technology for a growing number of
industries.

Manufacturing
Industrial robots can assemble products, sort items, perform welds and paint objects. They may even be used to fix and
maintain other machines in a factory or warehouse.

Healthcare
Medical robots transport medical supplies, perform surgical procedures and offer emotional support to those going
through rehabilitation.

Companionship
Social robots can support children with learning disabilities and act as a therapeutic tool for people with dementia.
They also have business applications like providing in-person customer service in hotels and moving products around
warehouses.

Home Use
Consumers may be most familiar with the Roomba and other robot vacuum cleaners. However, other home robots include
lawn-mowing robots and personal robot assistants that can play music, engage with children and help with household
chores.

Search and Rescue
Search and rescue robots can save those stuck in flood waters, deliver supplies to those stranded in remote areas and
put out fires when conditions become too extreme for firefighters.



Pros and Cons of Robotics
Robotics comes with a number of benefits and drawbacks.

Pros of Robotics
Increased accuracy. Robots can perform movements and actions with greater precision and accuracy than humans.
Enhanced productivity. Robots can work at a faster pace than humans and don’t get tired, leading to more consistent and
higher-volume production.
Improved safety. Robots can take on tasks and operate in environments unsafe for humans, protecting workers from
injuries.
Rapid innovation. Many robots are equipped with sensors and cameras that collect data, so teams can quickly refine
processes.
Greater cost-efficiency. Gains in productivity may make robots a more cost-efficient option for businesses compared to
hiring more human workers.
Cons of Robotics
Job losses. Robotic process automation may put human employees out of work, especially those who don’t have the skills
to adapt to a changing workplace.
Limited creativity. Robots may not react well to unexpected situations since they don’t have the same problem-solving
skills as humans.
Data security risks. Robots can be hit with cyber attacks, potentially exposing large amounts of data if they’re
connected to the Internet of Things.
Maintenance costs. Robots can be expensive to repair and maintain, and faulty equipment can lead to disruptions in
production and revenue losses.
Environmental waste. Extracting raw materials to build robots and having to discard disposable parts can lead to more
environmental waste and pollution.

What Is Robotics?
In simple terms, robotics combines science, engineering, and technology to design, construct, operate, and use machines
programmed to replicate, substitute, or assist humans in completing tasks of varying complexity. These machines are
known as robots.

Robots have a long history, dating back to ancient Greece; notably, the first digital-operated and programmable robot
debuted in the mid-twentieth century. Robotics quickly took over key industries like automotive manufacturing, with
early spot welding robot prototypes used in General Motors facilities in 1961. Throughout the years, robotics has
developed increasingly sophisticated machines to benefit a wide range of industries.

Today, robots are in use everywhere around the globe, from college clubs to Fortune 100s. Companies and individuals
alike are harnessing the power of robotics more than ever before, with the value of the Global Robotics Market rising
to over 27 billion USD in 2020.

What are some of the common types of robots?
The most common types of robots include:

Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs)
Using sophisticated sensors, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, autonomous mobile robots (AMRs) can support
many tasks, including delivering items, carrying out safety and security checks, inventory automation, rescue missions,
crop harvesting, and even space exploration.

Automated Guided Vehicles (AGVs)
As a form of autonomous mobile robots, automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are movable robots capable of navigating mapped
routes via wires on a floor, radio waves, cameras, magnets, or lasers. These robots have several applications, including
transporting heavy materials in factories and warehouses.

Articulated Robots
One of the main features of an articulated robot is rotary joints that can range from simple two-jointed structures to
complex systems of multiple interacting joints and materials. The articulated robot is a typical type of industrial
robot and often resembles a human arm.

Humanoids
A humanoid robot resembles a generic human body form. The specialized design is typically used for mimicking human
motions and interactions. A common use case of humanoid robots is automating tasks to increase efficiency and
cost-savings.

Cobots
A cobot is a contracted term for a collaborative robot. These robots work side-by-side with human workers. They differ
from other robots because their function is not intended to do work in place of human employees. Often they are compact
and perform a variety of tasks in the metal industry, automotive, electronics, laboratories, and hospitals.

What industries are using robotics?
Many industries are using robotics to benefit their operations. Some of the most popular industries are:

Agriculture
Robotics has become a cost-effective method for agricultural businesses to meet growing global demand. Farmers deploy
specialized autonomous robots to perform routine tasks like planting, pest and weed management, and harvesting.

Construction
Robots assist construction teams with autonomous technologies that support efficiency, accuracy, and safety on job
sites. Emerging developments in robotics are helping construction companies operate massive construction machinery like
diggers and dozers autonomously and even complete specialized tasks like welding, drilling, and brick-laying.

Energy
The energy industry has turned to robots for inspecting and maintaining the security of remote sites. As a result,
robotics has played a significant role in the increasing affordability of clean energy by decreasing system installation
and maintenance costs.

Healthcare
The healthcare industry has turned to robots to free its employees from monotonous and repetitive tasks like cleaning,
delivery, dispensing medications, and hospital logistics. Robots can also perform more complex tasks like surgery,
rehabilitation, and diagnostics. As the robotics industry advances, more sophisticated machines are in development to
improve the efficiency of medical professionals and the quality of patient care.

Manufacturing
One of the earliest adopters of robotics, manufacturing uses robots to increase workforce efficiency, offload monotonous
or dangerous tasks, and enable human workers to focus on more complex tasks.

Shipping & Delivery
Robotics has made a significant impact on managing logistics for shipping and delivering goods. For example, many
robotics companies deploy autonomous delivery bots fleets to complete the last-mile delivery processes for supermarkets,
grocery stores, restaurants, and more.

Mining
In recent years, mining companies began to use autonomous devices for surveillance, information gathering, and analysis
in the mining industry. For example, autonomous machines can navigate closed or abandoned mines for precious raw
materials while providing a safer work environment for human minors.

The Future of Robotics
The applications and possibilities for robotics are endless with over 12 million robotic units in existence worldwide
in 2020. The industry is poised to continue growing in the coming years with 88% of businesses planning to adopt robotic
automation into their infrastructure.

A robot is a machine—especially one programmable by a computer—capable of carrying out a complex series of actions
automatically.[2] A robot can be guided by an external control device, or the control may be embedded within. Robots
may be constructed to evoke human form, but most robots are task-performing machines, designed with an emphasis on stark
functionality, rather than expressive aesthetics.

Robots can be autonomous or semi-autonomous and range from humanoids such as Honda's Advanced Step in Innovative
Mobility (ASIMO) and TOSY's TOSY Ping Pong Playing Robot (TOPIO) to industrial robots, medical operating robots,
patient assist robots, dog therapy robots, collectively programmed swarm robots, UAV drones such as General Atomics
MQ-1 Predator, and even microscopic nano robots. By mimicking a lifelike appearance or automating movements, a robot
may convey a sense of intelligence or thought of its own. Autonomous things are expected to proliferate in the future,
with home robotics and the autonomous car as some of the main drivers.[3]

The branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, and application of robots,[4] as well as
computer systems for their control, sensory feedback, and information processing is robotics. These technologies deal
with automated machines that can take the place of humans in dangerous environments or manufacturing processes, or
resemble humans in appearance, behavior, or cognition. Many of today's robots are inspired by nature contributing to
the field of bio-inspired robotics. These robots have also created a newer branch of robotics: soft robotics.

From the time of ancient civilization, there have been many accounts of user-configurable automated devices and even
automata resembling humans and other animals, such as animatronics, designed primarily as entertainment. As mechanical
techniques developed through the Industrial age, there appeared more practical applications such as automated machines,
remote-control and wireless remote-control.

The term comes from a Slavic root, robot-, with meanings associated with labor. The word 'robot' was first used to
denote a fictional humanoid in a 1920 Czech-language play R.U.R. (Rossumovi Univerzální Roboti – Rossum's Universal
Robots) by Karel Čapek, though it was Karel's brother Josef Čapek who was the word's true inventor.[5][6][7]
Electronics evolved into the driving force of development with the advent of the first electronic autonomous robots
created by William Grey Walter in Bristol, England in 1948, as well as Computer Numerical Control (CNC) machine tools
in the late 1940s by John T. Parsons and Frank L. Stulen.

The first commercial, digital and programmable robot was built by George Devol in 1954 and was named the Unimate. It was
sold to General Motors in 1961 where it was used to lift pieces of hot metal from die casting machines at the Inland
Fisher Guide Plant in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township, New Jersey.[8]

Robots have replaced humans[9] in performing repetitive and dangerous tasks which humans prefer not to do, or are unable
to do because of size limitations, or which take place in extreme environments such as outer space or the bottom of the
sea. There are concerns about the increasing use of robots and their role in society. Robots are blamed for rising
technological unemployment as they replace workers in increasing numbers of functions.[10] The use of robots in military
combat raises ethical concerns. The possibilities of robot autonomy and potential repercussions have been addressed in
fiction and may be a realistic concern in the future.

Summary
The word robot can refer to both physical robots and virtual software agents, but the latter are usually referred to as
bots.[11] There is no consensus on which machines qualify as robots but there is general agreement among experts, and
the public, that robots tend to possess some or all of the following abilities and functions: accept electronic
programming, process data or physical perceptions electronically, operate autonomously to some degree, move around,
operate physical parts of itself or physical processes, sense and manipulate their environment, and exhibit intelligent
behavior, especially behavior which mimics humans or other animals.[12][13] Related to the concept of a robot is the
field of synthetic biology, which studies entities whose nature is more comparable to living things than to machines.

History
Main article: History of robots
The idea of automata originates in the mythologies of many cultures around the world. Engineers and inventors from
ancient civilizations, including Ancient China,[14] Ancient Greece, and Ptolemaic Egypt,[15] attempted to build
self-operating machines, some resembling animals and humans. Early descriptions of automata include the artificial doves
of Archytas,[16] the artificial birds of Mozi and Lu Ban,[17] a "speaking" automaton by Hero of Alexandria, a washstand
automaton by Philo of Byzantium, and a human automaton described in the Lie Zi.[14]

Early beginnings
Many ancient mythologies, and most modern religions include artificial people, such as the mechanical servants built by
the Greek god Hephaestus[18] (Vulcan to the Romans), the clay golems of Jewish legend and clay giants of Norse legend,
and Galatea, the mythical statue of Pygmalion that came to life. Since circa 400 BC, myths of Crete include Talos, a
man of bronze who guarded the island from pirates.

In ancient Greece, the Greek engineer Ctesibius (c. 270 BC) "applied a knowledge of pneumatics and hydraulics to produce
the first organ and water clocks with moving figures."[19]: 2 [20] In the 4th century BC, the Greek mathematician
Archytas of Tarentum postulated a mechanical steam-operated bird he called "The Pigeon". Hero of Alexandria (10–70 AD),
a Greek mathematician and inventor, created numerous user-configurable automated devices, and described machines powered
by air pressure, steam and water.[21] The 11th century Lokapannatti tells of how the Buddha's relics were protected by
mechanical robots (bhuta vahana yanta), from the kingdom of Roma visaya (Rome); until they were disarmed by King Ashoka.

In ancient China, the 3rd-century text of the Lie Zi describes an account of humanoid automata, involving a much earlier
encounter between Chinese emperor King Mu of Zhou and a mechanical engineer known as Yan Shi, an 'artificer'. Yan Shi p
roudly presented the king with a life-size, human-shaped figure of his mechanical 'handiwork' made of leather, wood, and
artificial organs.[14] There are also accounts of flying automata in the Han Fei Zi and other texts, which attributes
the 5th century BC Mohist philosopher Mozi and his contemporary Lu Ban with the invention of artificial wooden birds
(ma yuan) that could successfully fly.[17]

In 1066, the Chinese inventor Su Song built a water clock in the form of a tower which featured mechanical figurines
which chimed the hours.[23][24][25] His mechanism had a programmable drum machine with pegs (cams) that bumped into
little levers that operated percussion instruments. The drummer could be made to play different rhythms and different
drum patterns by moving the pegs to different locations.[25]

Samarangana Sutradhara, a Sanskrit treatise by Bhoja (11th century), includes a chapter about the construction of
mechanical contrivances (automata), including mechanical bees and birds, fountains shaped like humans and animals, and
male and female dolls that refilled oil lamps, danced, played instruments, and re-enacted scenes from Hindu mythology.

13th century Muslim scientist Ismail al-Jazari created several automated devices. He built automated moving peacocks
driven by hydropower.[29] He also invented the earliest known automatic gates, which were driven by hydropower,[30]
created automatic doors as part of one of his elaborate water clocks.[31] One of al-Jazari's humanoid automata was a
waitress that could serve water, tea or drinks. The drink was stored in a tank with a reservoir from where the drink
drips into a bucket and, after seven minutes, into a cup, after which the waitress appears out of an automatic door
serving the drink.[32] Al-Jazari invented a hand washing automaton incorporating a flush mechanism now used in modern
flush toilets. It features a female humanoid automaton standing by a basin filled with water. When the user pulls the
lever, the water drains and the female automaton refills the basin.[19]

Mark E. Rosheim summarizes the advances in robotics made by Muslim engineers, especially al-Jazari, as follows:

Unlike the Greek designs, these Arab examples reveal an interest, not only in dramatic illusion, but in manipulating
the environment for human comfort. Thus, the greatest contribution the Arabs made, besides preserving, disseminating
and building on the work of the Greeks, was the concept of practical application. This was the key element that was
missing in Greek robotic science.[19]: 9 

In the 14th century, the coronation of Richard II of England featured an automata angel.[34]

In Renaissance Italy, Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) sketched plans for a humanoid robot around 1495. Da Vinci's
notebooks, rediscovered in the 1950s, contained detailed drawings of a mechanical knight now known as Leonardo's robot,
able to sit up, wave its arms and move its head and jaw.[35] The design was probably based on anatomical research
recorded in his Vitruvian Man. It is not known whether he attempted to build it. According to Encyclopædia Britannica,
Leonardo da Vinci may have been influenced by the classic automata of al-Jazari.[29]

In Japan, complex animal and human automata were built between the 17th to 19th centuries, with many described in the
18th century Karakuri zui (Illustrated Machinery, 1796). One such automaton was the karakuri ningyō, a mechanized puppet.
Different variations of the karakuri existed: the Butai karakuri, which were used in theatre, the Zashiki karakuri,
which were small and used in homes, and the Dashi karakuri which were used in religious festivals, where the puppets
were used to perform reenactments of traditional myths and legends.

In France, between 1738 and 1739, Jacques de Vaucanson exhibited several life-sized automatons: a flute player, a pipe
player and a duck. The mechanical duck could flap its wings, crane its neck, and swallow food from the exhibitor's hand,
and it gave the illusion of digesting its food by excreting matter stored in a hidden compartment.[37] About 30 years
later in Switzerland the clockmaker Pierre Jaquet-Droz made several complex mechanical figures that could write and play
music. Several of these devices still exist and work.[38]

Remote-controlled systems
Remotely operated vehicles were demonstrated in the late 19th century in the form of several types of remotely
controlled torpedoes. The early 1870s saw remotely controlled torpedoes by John Ericsson (pneumatic), John Louis Lay
(electric wire guided), and Victor von Scheliha (electric wire guided).[39]

The Brennan torpedo, invented by Louis Brennan in 1877, was powered by two contra-rotating propellers that were spun by
rapidly pulling out wires from drums wound inside the torpedo. Differential speed on the wires connected to the shore
station allowed the torpedo to be guided to its target, making it "the world's first practical guided missile".[40] In
1897 the British inventor Ernest Wilson was granted a patent for a torpedo remotely controlled by "Hertzian" (radio)
waves[41][42] and in 1898 Nikola Tesla publicly demonstrated a wireless-controlled torpedo that he hoped to sell to the
US Navy.[43][44]

In 1903, the Spanish engineer Leonardo Torres Quevedo demonstrated a radio control system called "Telekino" at the
Paris Academy of Sciences,[45] which he wanted to use to control an airship of his own design. He obtained some patents
in other countries.[46] Unlike the previous mechanisms, which carried out actions of the 'on/off' type, Torres developed
a system for controlling any mechanical or electrical device with different states of operation.[47] The transmitter
was capable of sending a family of different codewords by means of a binary telegraph signal to the receiver, which was
able to set up a different state of operation in the device being used, depending on the codeword. Specifically, it was
able to do up to 19 different actions.[48][49]

Archibald Low, known as the "father of radio guidance systems" for his pioneering work on guided rockets and planes
during the First World War. In 1917, he demonstrated a remote controlled aircraft to the Royal Flying Corps and in the
same year built the first wire-guided rocket.

Early robots
In 1928, one of the first humanoid robots, Eric, was exhibited at the annual exhibition of the Model Engineers Society
in London, where it delivered a speech. Invented by W. H. Richards, the robot's frame consisted of an aluminium body of
armour with eleven electromagnets and one motor powered by a twelve-volt power source. The robot could move its hands
and head and could be controlled through remote control or voice control.[50] Both Eric and his "brother" George toured
the world.[51]

Westinghouse Electric Corporation built Televox in 1926; it was a cardboard cutout connected to various devices which
users could turn on and off. In 1939, the humanoid robot known as Elektro was debuted at the 1939 New York World's Fair.
Seven feet tall (2.1 m) and weighing 265 pounds (120.2 kg), it could walk by voice command, speak about 700 words
(using a 78-rpm record player), smoke cigarettes, blow up balloons, and move its head and arms. The body consisted of a
steel gear, cam and motor skeleton covered by an aluminum skin. In 1928, Japan's first robot, Gakutensoku, was designed
and constructed by biologist Makoto Nishimura.

The German V-1 flying bomb was equipped with systems for automatic guidance and range control, flying on a
predetermined course (which could include a 90-degree turn) and entering a terminal dive after a predetermined distance.
It was reported as being a 'robot' in contemporary descriptions [54]

Modern autonomous robots
The first electronic autonomous robots with complex behaviour were created by William Grey Walter of the Burden
Neurological Institute at Bristol, England in 1948 and 1949. He wanted to prove that rich connections between a small
number of brain cells could give rise to very complex behaviors – essentially that the secret of how the brain worked
lay in how it was wired up. His first robots, named Elmer and Elsie, were constructed between 1948 and 1949 and were
often described as tortoises due to their shape and slow rate of movement. The three-wheeled tortoise robots were
capable of phototaxis, by which they could find their way to a recharging station when they ran low on battery power.

Walter stressed the importance of using purely analogue electronics to simulate brain processes at a time when his
contemporaries such as Alan Turing and John von Neumann were all turning towards a view of mental processes in terms
of digital computation. His work inspired subsequent generations of robotics researchers such as Rodney Brooks, Hans
Moravec and Mark Tilden. Modern incarnations of Walter's turtles may be found in the form of BEAM robotics.[55]

The first digitally operated and programmable robot was invented by George Devol in 1954 and was ultimately called the
Unimate. This ultimately laid the foundations of the modern robotics industry.[56] Devol sold the first Unimate to
General Motors in 1960, and it was installed in 1961 in a plant in Trenton, New Jersey to lift hot pieces of metal
from a die casting machine and stack them.[57]

The first palletizing robot was introduced in 1963 by the Fuji Yusoki Kogyo Company.[58] In 1973, a robot with six
electromechanically driven axes was patented[59][60][61] by KUKA robotics in Germany, and the programmable universal
manipulation arm was invented by Victor Scheinman in 1976, and the design was sold to Unimation.

Commercial and industrial robots are now in widespread use performing jobs more cheaply or with greater accuracy and
reliability than humans. They are also employed for jobs which are too dirty, dangerous or dull to be suitable for
humans. Robots are widely used in manufacturing, assembly and packing, transport, earth and space exploration, surgery,
weaponry, laboratory research, and mass production of consumer and industrial goods.[62]

Future development and trends
Various techniques have emerged to develop the science of robotics and robots. One method is evolutionary robotics, in
which a number of differing robots are submitted to tests. Those which perform best are used as a model to create a
subsequent "generation" of robots. Another method is developmental robotics, which tracks changes and development within
a single robot in the areas of problem-solving and other functions. Another new type of robot is just recently
introduced which acts both as a smartphone and robot and is named RoboHon.[63]

As robots become more advanced, eventually there may be a standard computer operating system designed mainly for robots.
Robot Operating System (ROS) is an open-source software set of programs being developed at Stanford University, the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the Technical University of Munich, Germany, among others. ROS provides ways
to program a robot's navigation and limbs regardless of the specific hardware involved. It also provides high-level
commands for items like image recognition and even opening doors. When ROS boots up on a robot's computer, it would
obtain data on attributes such as the length and movement of robots' limbs. It would relay this data to higher-level
algorithms. Microsoft is also developing a "Windows for robots" system with its Robotics Developer Studio, which has
been available since 2007.[64]

Japan hopes to have full-scale commercialization of service robots by 2025. Much technological research in Japan is led
by Japanese government agencies, particularly the Trade Ministry.[65]

Many future applications of robotics seem obvious to people, even though they are well beyond the capabilities of robots
available at the time of the prediction.[66][67] As early as 1982 people were confident that someday robots would:[68]
1. Clean parts by removing molding flash 2. Spray paint automobiles with absolutely no human presence 3. Pack things
in boxes—for example, orient and nest chocolate candies in candy boxes 4. Make electrical cable harness 5. Load trucks
with boxes—a packing problem 6. Handle soft goods, such as garments and shoes 7. Shear sheep 8. Be used asprostheses 9.
Cook fast food and work in other service industries 10. Work as a household robot.

Generally such predictions are overly optimistic in timescale.

New functionalities and prototypes
In 2008, Caterpillar Inc. developed a dump truck which can drive itself without any human operator.[69] Many analysts
believe that self-driving trucks may eventually revolutionize logistics.[70] By 2014, Caterpillar had a self-driving
dump truck which is expected to greatly change the process of mining. In 2015, these Caterpillar trucks were actively
used in mining operations in Australia by the mining company Rio Tinto Coal Australia.[71][72][73][74] Some analysts
believe that within the next few decades, most trucks will be self-driving.[75]

A literate or 'reading robot' named Marge has intelligence that comes from software. She can read newspapers, find and
correct misspelled words, learn about banks like Barclays, and understand that some restaurants are better places to eat
than others.[76]

Baxter is a new robot introduced in 2012 which learns by guidance. A worker could teach Baxter how to perform a task by
moving its hands in the desired motion and having Baxter memorize them. Extra dials, buttons, and controls are available
on Baxter's arm for more precision and features. Any regular worker could program Baxter and it only takes a matter of
minutes, unlike usual industrial robots that take extensive programs and coding to be used. This means Baxter needs no
programming to operate. No software engineers are needed. This also means Baxter can be taught to perform multiple,
more complicated tasks. Sawyer was added in 2015 for smaller, more precise tasks.[77]

Prototype cooking robots have been developed and could be programmed for autonomous, dynamic and adjustable preparation
of discrete meals.[78][79]

Etymology
The word robot was introduced to the public by the Czech interwar writer Karel Čapek in his play R.U.R. (Rossum's
Universal Robots), published in 1920.[6] The play begins in a factory that uses a chemical substitute for protoplasm
to manufacture living, simplified people called robots. The play does not focus in detail on the technology behind the
creation of these living creatures, but in their appearance they prefigure modern ideas of androids, creatures who can
be mistaken for humans. These mass-produced workers are depicted as efficient but emotionless, incapable of original
thinking and indifferent to self-preservation. At issue is whether the robots are being exploited and the consequences
of human dependence upon commodified labor (especially after a number of specially-formulated robots achieve
self-awareness and incite robots all around the world to rise up against the humans).

Karel Čapek himself did not coin the word. He wrote a short letter in reference to an etymology in the Oxford English
Dictionary in which he named his brother, the painter and writer Josef Čapek, as its actual originator.[6]

In an article in the Czech journal Lidové noviny in 1933, he explained that he had originally wanted to call the
creatures laboři ('workers', from Latin labor). However, he did not like the word, and sought advice from his brother
Josef, who suggested roboti. The word robota means literally 'corvée, serf labor', and figuratively 'drudgery, hard
work' in Czech and also (more general) 'work, labor' in many Slavic languages (e.g.: Bulgarian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak,
Polish, Macedonian, Ukrainian, archaic Czech, as well as robot in Hungarian). Traditionally the robota (Hungarian robot)
was the work period a serf (corvée) had to give for his lord, typically six months of the year. The origin of the word
is the Old Church Slavonic rabota 'servitude' ('work' in contemporary Bulgarian, Macedonian and Russian), which in turn
comes from the Proto-Indo-European root *orbh-. Robot is cognate with the German Arbeit 'work'.[80][81]

English pronunciation of the word has evolved relatively quickly since its introduction. In the U.S. during the late
1930s to early 1940s it was pronounced /ˈroʊboʊt/.[82][better source needed] By the late 1950s to early 1960s, some were
pronouncing it /ˈroʊbət/, while others used /ˈroʊbɒt/[83] By the 1970s, its current pronunciation /ˈroʊbɒt/ had become
predominant.

The word robotics, used to describe this field of study,[4] was coined by the science fiction writer Isaac Asimov.
Asimov created the Three Laws of Robotics which are a recurring theme in his books. These have since been used by many
others to define laws used in fiction. (The three laws are pure fiction, and no technology yet created has the ability
to understand or follow them, and in fact most robots serve military purposes, which run quite contrary to the first law
and often the third law. "People think about Asimov's laws, but they were set up to point out how a simple ethical
system doesn't work. If you read the short stories, every single one is about a failure, and they are totally
impractical," said Dr. Joanna Bryson of the University of Bath.[84])

Modern robots
Mobile robot
Main articles: Mobile robot and Automated guided vehicle
Mobile robots[85] have the capability to move around in their environment and are not fixed to one physical location.
An example of a mobile robot that is in common use today is the automated guided vehicle or automatic guided vehicle
(AGV). An AGV is a mobile robot that follows markers or wires in the floor, or uses vision or lasers.[86] AGVs are
discussed later in this article.

Mobile robots are also found in industry, military and security environments.[87] They also appear as consumer products,
for entertainment or to perform certain tasks like vacuum cleaning. Mobile robots are the focus of a great deal of
current research and almost every major university has one or more labs that focus on mobile robot research.[88]

Mobile robots are usually used in tightly controlled environments such as on assembly lines because they have difficulty
responding to unexpected interference. Because of this most humans rarely encounter robots. However domestic robots for
cleaning and maintenance are increasingly common in and around homes in developed countries. Robots can also be found in
military applications.[89]

Industrial robots (manipulating)
Main articles: Industrial robot and Manipulator (device)
Industrial robots usually consist of a jointed arm (multi-linked manipulator) and an end effector that is attached to a
fixed surface. One of the most common type of end effector is a gripper assembly.

The International Organization for Standardization gives a definition of a manipulating industrial robot in ISO 8373:

"an automatically controlled, reprogrammable, multipurpose, manipulator programmable in three or more axes, which may
be either fixed in place or mobile for use in industrial automation applications."[90]

This definition is used by the International Federation of Robotics, the European Robotics Research Network (EURON) and
many national standards committees.[91]

Service robot
Main article: Service robot
Most commonly industrial robots are fixed robotic arms and manipulators used primarily for production and distribution
of goods. The term "service robot" is less well-defined. The International Federation of Robotics has proposed a
tentative definition, "A service robot is a robot which operates semi- or fully autonomously to perform services useful
to the well-being of humans and equipment, excluding manufacturing operations."[92]

Educational (interactive) robots
Main article: Educational robotics
Robots are used as educational assistants to teachers. From the 1980s, robots such as turtles were used in schools and
programmed using the Logo language.[93][94]

There are robot kits like Lego Mindstorms, BIOLOID, OLLO from ROBOTIS, or BotBrain Educational Robots can help children
to learn about mathematics, physics, programming, and electronics. Robotics have also been introduced into the lives of
elementary and high school students in the form of robot competitions with the company FIRST (For Inspiration and
Recognition of Science and Technology). The organization is the foundation for the FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST
Tech Challenge, FIRST Lego League Challenge and FIRST Lego League Explore competitions.

There have also been robots such as the teaching computer, Leachim (1974).[95] Leachim was an early example of speech
synthesis using the using the Diphone synthesis method. 2-XL (1976) was a robot shaped game / teaching toy based on
branching between audible tracks on an 8-track tape player, both invented by Michael J. Freeman.[96] Later, the 8-track
was upgraded to tape cassettes and then to digital.

Modular robot
Main article: Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Modular robots are a new breed of robots that are designed to increase the use of robots by modularizing their
architecture.[97] The functionality and effectiveness of a modular robot is easier to increase compared to conventional
robots. These robots are composed of a single type of identical, several different identical module types, or similarly
shaped modules, which vary in size. Their architectural structure allows hyper-redundancy for modular robots, as they
can be designed with more than 8 degrees of freedom (DOF). Creating the programming, inverse kinematics and dynamics for
modular robots is more complex than with traditional robots. Modular robots may be composed of L-shaped modules, cubic
modules, and U and H-shaped modules. ANAT technology, an early modular robotic technology patented by Robotics Design
Inc., allows the creation of modular robots from U- and H-shaped modules that connect in a chain, and are used to form
heterogeneous and homogenous modular robot systems. These "ANAT robots" can be designed with "n" DOF as each module is
a complete motorized robotic system that folds relatively to the modules connected before and after it in its chain,
and therefore a single module allows one degree of freedom. The more modules that are connected to one another, the more
degrees of freedom it will have. L-shaped modules can also be designed in a chain, and must become increasingly smaller
as the size of the chain increases, as payloads attached to the end of the chain place a greater strain on modules that
are further from the base. ANAT H-shaped modules do not suffer from this problem, as their design allows a modular robot
to distribute pressure and impacts evenly amongst other attached modules, and therefore payload-carrying capacity does
not decrease as the length of the arm increases. Modular robots can be manually or self-reconfigured to form a different
robot, that may perform different applications. Because modular robots of the same architecture type are composed of
modules that compose different modular robots, a snake-arm robot can combine with another to form a dual or quadra-arm
robot, or can split into several mobile robots, and mobile robots can split into multiple smaller ones, or combine with
others into a larger or different one. This allows a single modular robot the ability to be fully specialized in a
single task, as well as the capacity to be specialized to perform multiple different tasks.

Modular robotic technology is currently being applied in hybrid transportation,[98] industrial automation,[99] duct
cleaning[100] and handling. Many research centres and universities have also studied this technology, and have developed
prototypes.

Collaborative robots
A collaborative robot or cobot is a robot that can safely and effectively interact with human workers while performing
simple industrial tasks. However, end-effectors and other environmental conditions may create hazards, and as such risk
assessments should be done before using any industrial motion-control application.[101]

The collaborative robots most widely used in industries today are manufactured by Universal Robots in Denmark.[102]

Rethink Robotics—founded by Rodney Brooks, previously with iRobot—introduced Baxter in September 2012; as an industrial
robot designed to safely interact with neighboring human workers, and be programmable for performing simple tasks.[103]
Baxters stop if they detect a human in the way of their robotic arms and have prominent off switches. Intended for sale
to small businesses, they are promoted as the robotic analogue of the personal computer.[104] As of May 2014, 190
companies in the US have bought Baxters and they are being used commercially in the UK.[10]

Robots in society
Roughly half of all the robots in the world are in Asia, 32% in Europe, and 16% in North America, 1% in Australasia and
1% in Africa.[107] 40% of all the robots in the world are in Japan,[108] making Japan the country with the highest
number of robots.

Autonomy and ethical questions
Main articles: Roboethics and Ethics of artificial intelligence

As robots have become more advanced and sophisticated, experts and academics have increasingly explored the questions
of what ethics might govern robots' behavior,[110][111] and whether robots might be able to claim any kind of social,
cultural, ethical or legal rights.[112] One scientific team has said that it was possible that a robot brain would exist
by 2019.[113] Others predict robot intelligence breakthroughs by 2050.[114] Recent advances have made robotic behavior
more sophisticated.[115] The social impact of intelligent robots is subject of a 2010 documentary film called Plug &
Pray.[116]

Vernor Vinge has suggested that a moment may come when computers and robots are smarter than humans. He calls this
"the Singularity".[117] He suggests that it may be somewhat or possibly very dangerous for humans.[118] This is
discussed by a philosophy called Singularitarianism.

In 2009, experts attended a conference hosted by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
to discuss whether computers and robots might be able to acquire any autonomy, and how much these abilities might pose
a threat or hazard. They noted that some robots have acquired various forms of semi-autonomy, including being able to
find power sources on their own and being able to independently choose targets to attack with weapons. They also noted
that some computer viruses can evade elimination and have achieved "cockroach intelligence." They noted that
self-awareness as depicted in science-fiction is probably unlikely, but that there were other potential hazards and
pitfalls.[117] Various media sources and scientific groups have noted separate trends in differing areas which might
together result in greater robotic functionalities and autonomy, and which pose some inherent concerns.[119][120][121]

Military robots
Some experts and academics have questioned the use of robots for military combat, especially when such robots are given
some degree of autonomous functions.[122] There are also concerns about technology which might allow some armed robots
to be controlled mainly by other robots.[123] The US Navy has funded a report which indicates that, as military robots
become more complex, there should be greater attention to implications of their ability to make autonomous decisions.
One researcher states that autonomous robots might be more humane, as they could make decisions more effectively.
However, other experts question this.[126]

One robot in particular, the EATR, has generated public concerns[127] over its fuel source, as it can continually refuel
itself using organic substances.[128] Although the engine for the EATR is designed to run on biomass and vegetation[129]
specifically selected by its sensors, which it can find on battlefields or other local environments, the project has
stated that chicken fat can also be used.[130]

Manuel De Landa has noted that "smart missiles" and autonomous bombs equipped with artificial perception can be
considered robots, as they make some of their decisions autonomously. He believes this represents an important and
dangerous trend in which humans are handing over important decisions to machines.[131]

Relationship to unemployment
Main article: Technological unemployment
For centuries, people have predicted that machines would make workers obsolete and increase unemployment, although the
causes of unemployment are usually thought to be due to social policy.[132][133][134]

A recent example of human replacement involves Taiwanese technology company Foxconn who, in July 2011, announced a
three-year plan to replace workers with more robots. At present the company uses ten thousand robots but will increase
them to a million robots over a three-year period.[135]

Lawyers have speculated that an increased prevalence of robots in the workplace could lead to the need to improve
redundancy laws.[136]

Kevin J. Delaney said "Robots are taking human jobs. But Bill Gates believes that governments should tax companies' use
of them, as a way to at least temporarily slow the spread of automation and to fund other types of employment."[137] The
robot tax would also help pay a guaranteed living wage to the displaced workers.

The World Bank's World Development Report 2019 puts forth evidence showing that while automation displaces workers,
technological innovation creates more new industries and jobs on balance.[138]

Contemporary uses
At present, there are two main types of robots, based on their use: general-purpose autonomous robots and dedicated
robot.

Robots can be classified by their specificity of purpose. A robot might be designed to perform one particular task
extremely well, or a range of tasks less well. All robots by their nature can be re-programmed to behave differently,
but some are limited by their physical form. For example, a factory robot arm can perform jobs such as cutting, welding,
gluing, or acting as a fairground ride, while a pick-and-place robot can only populate printed circuit boards.

General-purpose autonomous robots
Main article: Autonomous robot
General-purpose autonomous robots can perform a variety of functions independently. General-purpose autonomous robots
typically can navigate independently in known spaces, handle their own re-charging needs, interface with electronic
doors and elevators and perform other basic tasks. Like computers, general-purpose robots can link with networks,
software and accessories that increase their usefulness. They may recognize people or objects, talk, provide
companionship, monitor environmental quality, respond to alarms, pick up supplies and perform other useful tasks.
General-purpose robots may perform a variety of functions simultaneously or they may take on different roles at
different times of day. Some such robots try to mimic human beings and may even resemble people in appearance; this type
of robot is called a humanoid robot. Humanoid robots are still in a very limited stage, as no humanoid robot can, as of
yet, actually navigate around a room that it has never been in.[139] Thus, humanoid robots are really quite limited,
despite their intelligent behaviors in their well-known environments.

Factory robots
Car production
Over the last three decades, automobile factories have become dominated by robots. A typical factory contains hundreds
of industrial robots working on fully automated production lines, with one robot for every ten human workers. On an
automated production line, a vehicle chassis on a conveyor is welded, glued, painted and finally assembled at a sequence
of robot stations.

Packaging
Industrial robots are also used extensively for palletizing and packaging of manufactured goods, for example for rapidly
taking drink cartons from the end of a conveyor belt and placing them into boxes, or for loading and unloading machining
center.

Electronics
Mass-produced printed circuit boards (PCBs) are almost exclusively manufactured by pick-and-place robots, typically with
SCARA manipulators, which remove tiny electronic components from strips or trays, and place them on to PCBs with great
accuracy.[140] Such robots can place hundreds of thousands of components per hour, far out-performing a human in speed,
accuracy, and reliability.[141]

Automated guided vehicles (AGVs)
Mobile robots, following markers or wires in the floor, or using vision[86] or lasers, are used to transport goods
around large facilities, such as warehouses, container ports, or hospitals.[142]

Early AGV-style robots
Limited to tasks that could be accurately defined and had to be performed the same way every time. Very little feedback
or intelligence was required, and the robots needed only the most basic exteroceptors (sensors). The limitations of
these AGVs are that their paths are not easily altered and they cannot alter their paths if obstacles block them. If
one AGV breaks down, it may stop the entire operation.

Interim AGV technologies
Developed to deploy triangulation from beacons or bar code grids for scanning on the floor or ceiling. In most
factories, triangulation systems tend to require moderate to high maintenance, such as daily cleaning of all beacons or
bar codes. Also, if a tall pallet or large vehicle blocks beacons or a bar code is marred, AGVs may become lost. Often
such AGVs are designed to be used in human-free environments.

Intelligent AGVs (i-AGVs)
Such as SmartLoader,[143] SpeciMinder,[144] ADAM,[145] Tug[146] Eskorta,[147] and MT 400 with Motivity[148] are designed
for people-friendly workspaces. They navigate by recognizing natural features. 3D scanners or other means of sensing the
environment in two or three dimensions help to eliminate cumulative errors in dead-reckoning calculations of the AGV's
current position. Some AGVs can create maps of their environment using scanning lasers with simultaneous localization
and mapping (SLAM) and use those maps to navigate in real time with other path planning and obstacle avoidance
algorithms. They are able to operate in complex environments and perform non-repetitive and non-sequential tasks such as
transporting photomasks in a semiconductor lab, specimens in hospitals and goods in warehouses. For dynamic areas, such
as warehouses full of pallets, AGVs require additional strategies using three-dimensional sensors such as time-of-flight
or stereovision cameras.

Dirty, dangerous, dull, or inaccessible tasks
See also: Dirty, dangerous and demeaning
There are many jobs that humans would rather leave to robots. The job may be boring, such as domestic cleaning or sports
field line marking, or dangerous, such as exploring inside a volcano.[149] Other jobs are physically inaccessible, such
as exploring another planet,[150] cleaning the inside of a long pipe, or performing laparoscopic surgery.[151]

Space probes
Almost every unmanned space probe ever launched was a robot.[152][153] Some were launched in the 1960s with very limited
abilities, but their ability to fly and land (in the case of Luna 9) is an indication of their status as a robot. This
includes the Voyager probes and the Galileo probes, among others.

Telerobots
Teleoperated robots, or telerobots, are devices remotely operated from a distance by a human operator rather than
following a predetermined sequence of movements, but which has semi-autonomous behaviour. They are used when a human
cannot be present on site to perform a job because it is dangerous, far away, or inaccessible. The robot may be in
another room or another country, or may be on a very different scale to the operator. For instance, a laparoscopic
surgery robot allows the surgeon to work inside a human patient on a relatively small scale compared to open surgery,
significantly shortening recovery time.[151] They can also be used to avoid exposing workers to the hazardous and tight
spaces such as in duct cleaning. When disabling a bomb, the operator sends a small robot to disable it. Several authors
have been using a device called the Longpen to sign books remotely.[154] Teleoperated robot aircraft, like the Predator
Unmanned Aerial Vehicle, are increasingly being used by the military. These pilotless drones can search terrain and fire
on targets.[155][156] Hundreds of robots such as iRobot's Packbot and the Foster-Miller TALON are being used in Iraq and
Afghanistan by the U.S. military to defuse roadside bombs or improvised explosive devices (IEDs) in an activity known as
explosive ordnance disposal (EOD).[157]

Automated fruit harvesting machines
Robots are used to automate picking fruit on orchards at a cost lower than that of human pickers.

Domestic robots
Domestic robots are simple robots dedicated to a single task work in home use. They are used in simple but often
disliked jobs, such as vacuum cleaning, floor washing, and lawn mowing. An example of a domestic robot is a Roomba.

Military robots
Main article: Military robot
Military robots include the SWORDS robot which is currently used in ground-based combat. It can use a variety of weapons
and there is some discussion of giving it some degree of autonomy in battleground situations.[158][159][160]

Unmanned combat air vehicles (UCAVs), which are an upgraded form of UAVs, can do a wide variety of missions, including
combat. UCAVs are being designed such as the BAE Systems Mantis which would have the ability to fly themselves, to pick
their own course and target, and to make most decisions on their own.[161] The BAE Taranis is a UCAV built by Great
Britain which can fly across continents without a pilot and has new means to avoid detection.[162] Flight trials are
expected to begin in 2011.[163]

The AAAI has studied this topic in depth[110] and its president has commissioned a study to look at this issue.[164]

Some have suggested a need to build "Friendly AI", meaning that the advances which are already occurring with AI should
also include an effort to make AI intrinsically friendly and humane.[165] Several such measures reportedly already
exist, with robot-heavy countries such as Japan and South Korea[166] having begun to pass regulations requiring robots
to be equipped with safety systems, and possibly sets of 'laws' akin to Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics.[167][168] An
official report was issued in 2009 by the Japanese government's Robot Industry Policy Committee.[169] Chinese officials
and researchers have issued a report suggesting a set of ethical rules, and a set of new legal guidelines referred to
as "Robot Legal Studies."[170] Some concern has been expressed over a possible occurrence of robots telling apparent
falsehoods.[171]

Mining robots
Mining robots are designed to solve a number of problems currently facing the mining industry, including skills
shortages, improving productivity from declining ore grades, and achieving environmental targets. Due to the hazardous
nature of mining, in particular underground mining, the prevalence of autonomous, semi-autonomous, and tele-operated
robots has greatly increased in recent times. A number of vehicle manufacturers provide autonomous trains, trucks and
loaders that will load material, transport it on the mine site to its destination, and unload without requiring human
intervention. One of the world's largest mining corporations, Rio Tinto, has recently expanded its autonomous truck
fleet to the world's largest, consisting of 150 autonomous Komatsu trucks, operating in Western Australia.
Similarly, BHP has announced the expansion of its autonomous drill fleet to the world's largest, 21 autonomous Atlas
Copco drills.

Drilling, longwall and rockbreaking machines are now also available as autonomous robots.[174] The Atlas Copco Rig
Control System can autonomously execute a drilling plan on a drilling rig, moving the rig into position using GPS, set
up the drill rig and drill down to specified depths.[175] Similarly, the Transmin Rocklogic system can automatically
plan a path to position a rockbreaker at a selected destination.[176] These systems greatly enhance the safety and
efficiency of mining operations.

Healthcare
Robots in healthcare have two main functions. Those which assist an individual, such as a sufferer of a disease like
Multiple Sclerosis, and those which aid in the overall systems such as pharmacies and hospitals.

Home automation for the elderly and disabled
Further information: Disability robot
Robots used in home automation have developed over time from simple basic robotic assistants, such as the Handy 1,[177]
through to semi-autonomous robots, such as FRIEND which can assist the elderly and disabled with common tasks.

The population is aging in many countries, especially Japan, meaning that there are increasing numbers of elderly people
to care for, but relatively fewer young people to care for them.[178][179] Humans make the best carers, but where they
are unavailable, robots are gradually being introduced.[180]

FRIEND is a semi-autonomous robot designed to support disabled and elderly people in their daily life activities, like
preparing and serving a meal. FRIEND make it possible for patients who are paraplegic, have muscle diseases or serious
paralysis (due to strokes etc.), to perform tasks without help from other people like therapists or nursing staff.

Pharmacies
Main article: Pharmacy automation
Script Pro manufactures a robot designed to help pharmacies fill prescriptions that consist of oral solids or
medications in pill form.[181][better source needed] The pharmacist or pharmacy technician enters the prescription
information into its information system. The system, upon determining whether or not the drug is in the robot, will send
the information to the robot for filling. The robot has 3 different size vials to fill determined by the size of the
pill. The robot technician, user, or pharmacist determines the needed size of the vial based on the tablet when the
robot is stocked. Once the vial is filled it is brought up to a conveyor belt that delivers it to a holder that spins
the vial and attaches the patient label. Afterwards it is set on another conveyor that delivers the patient's medication
vial to a slot labeled with the patient's name on an LED read out. The pharmacist or technician then checks the contents
of the vial to ensure it's the correct drug for the correct patient and then seals the vials and sends it out front to
be picked up.

McKesson's Robot RX is another healthcare robotics product that helps pharmacies dispense thousands of medications
daily with little or no errors.[182] The robot can be ten feet wide and thirty feet long and can hold hundreds of
different kinds of medications and thousands of doses. The pharmacy saves many resources like staff members that are
otherwise unavailable in a resource scarce industry. It uses an electromechanical head coupled with a pneumatic system
to capture each dose and deliver it to either its stocked or dispensed location. The head moves along a single axis
while it rotates 180 degrees to pull the medications. During this process it uses barcode technology to verify it's
pulling the correct drug. It then delivers the drug to a patient specific bin on a conveyor belt. Once the bin is filled
with all of the drugs that a particular patient needs and that the robot stocks, the bin is then released and returned
out on the conveyor belt to a technician waiting to load it into a cart for delivery to the floor.

Research robots
See also: Robotics research
While most robots today are installed in factories or homes, performing labour or life saving jobs, many new types of
robot are being developed in laboratories around the world. Much of the research in robotics focuses not on specific
industrial tasks, but on investigations into new types of robot, alternative ways to think about or design robots, and
new ways to manufacture them. It is expected that these new types of robot will be able to solve real world problems
when they are finally realized.[citation needed]

Bionic and biomimetic robots
Further information: Biomimetics
Further information: Bionics
One approach to designing robots is to base them on animals. BionicKangaroo was designed and engineered by studying and
applying the physiology and methods of locomotion of a kangaroo.

Nanorobots
Further information: Nanorobotics
Nanorobotics is the emerging technology field of creating machines or robots whose components are at or close to the
microscopic scale of a nanometer (10−9 meters). Also known as "nanobots" or "nanites", they would be constructed from
molecular machines. So far, researchers have mostly produced only parts of these complex systems, such as bearings,
sensors, and synthetic molecular motors, but functioning robots have also been made such as the entrants to the Nanobot
Robocup contest.[183] Researchers also hope to be able to create entire robots as small as viruses or bacteria, which
could perform tasks on a tiny scale. Possible applications include micro surgery (on the level of individual cells),
utility fog,[184] manufacturing, weaponry and cleaning.[185] Some people have suggested that if there were nanobots
which could reproduce, the earth would turn into "grey goo", while others argue that this hypothetical outcome is
nonsense.

Reconfigurable robots
Main article: Self-reconfiguring modular robot
A few researchers have investigated the possibility of creating robots which can alter their physical form to suit a
particular task,[188] like the fictional T-1000. Real robots are nowhere near that sophisticated however, and mostly
consist of a small number of cube shaped units, which can move relative to their neighbours. Algorithms have been
designed in case any such robots become a reality.[189]

Robotic, mobile laboratory operators
Further information: Laboratory robotics
In July 2020 scientists reported the development of a mobile robot chemist and demonstrate that it can assist in
experimental searches. According to the scientists their strategy was automating the researcher rather than the
instruments – freeing up time for the human researchers to think creatively – and could identify photocatalyst mixtures
for hydrogen production from water that were six times more active than initial formulations. The modular robot can
operate laboratory instruments, work nearly around the clock, and autonomously make decisions on his next actions
depending on experimental results.[190][191]

Soft-bodied robots
Robots with silicone bodies and flexible actuators (air muscles, electroactive polymers, and ferrofluids) look and feel
different from robots with rigid skeletons, and can have different behaviors.[192] Soft, flexible (and sometimes even
squishy) robots are often designed to mimic the biomechanics of animals and other things found in nature, which is
leading to new applications in medicine, care giving, search and rescue, food handling and manufacturing, and scientific
exploration.[193][194]

Swarm robots
Main article: Swarm robotics
Inspired by colonies of insects such as ants and bees, researchers are modeling the behavior of swarms of thousands of
tiny robots which together perform a useful task, such as finding something hidden, cleaning, or spying. Each robot is
quite simple, but the emergent behavior of the swarm is more complex. The whole set of robots can be considered as one
single distributed system, in the same way an ant colony can be considered a superorganism, exhibiting swarm
intelligence. The largest swarms so far created include the iRobot swarm, the SRI/MobileRobots CentiBots project[195]
and the Open-source Micro-robotic Project swarm, which are being used to research collective behaviors.[196][197]
Swarms are also more resistant to failure. Whereas one large robot may fail and ruin a mission, a swarm can continue
even if several robots fail. This could make them attractive for space exploration missions, where failure is normally
extremely costly.[198]

Haptic interface robots
Further information: Haptic technology
Robotics also has application in the design of virtual reality interfaces. Specialized robots are in widespread use in
the haptic research community. These robots, called "haptic interfaces", allow touch-enabled user interaction with real
and virtual environments. Robotic forces allow simulating the mechanical properties of "virtual" objects, which users
can experience through their sense of touch.[199]

Contemporary art and sculpture
Further information: Robotic art
Robots are used by contemporary artists to create works that include mechanical automation. There are many branches of
robotic art, one of which is robotic installation art, a type of installation art that is programmed to respond to
viewer interactions, by means of computers, sensors and actuators. The future behavior of such installations can
therefore be altered by input from either the artist or the participant, which differentiates these artworks from other
types of kinetic art.

Le Grand Palais in Paris organized an exhibition "Artists & Robots", featuring artworks created by more than forty
artists with the help of robots in 2018.[200]

Robots in popular culture
See also: List of fictional robots and androids and Droid (Star Wars)

Literature
Main article: Robots in literature
Robotic characters, androids (artificial men/women) or gynoids (artificial women), and cyborgs (also "bionic men/women",
or humans with significant mechanical enhancements) have become a staple of science fiction.

The first reference in Western literature to mechanical servants appears in Homer's Iliad. In Book XVIII, Hephaestus,
god of fire, creates new armor for the hero Achilles, assisted by robots.[201] According to the Rieu translation,
"Golden maidservants hastened to help their master. They looked like real women and could not only speak and use their
limbs but were endowed with intelligence and trained in handwork by the immortal gods." The words "robot" or "android"
are not used to describe them, but they are nevertheless mechanical devices human in appearance. "The first use of the
word Robot was in Karel Čapek's play R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots) (written in 1920)". Writer Karel Čapek was born
in Czechoslovakia (Czech Republic).

Possibly the most prolific author of the twentieth century was Isaac Asimov (1920–1992)[202] who published over
five-hundred books.[203] Asimov is probably best remembered for his science-fiction stories and especially those about
robots, where he placed robots and their interaction with society at the center of many of his works.[204][205] Asimov
carefully considered the problem of the ideal set of instructions robots might be given to lower the risk to humans, and
arrived at his Three Laws of Robotics: a robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to
come to harm; a robot must obey orders given it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First
Law; and a robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second
Law.[206] These were introduced in his 1942 short story "Runaround", although foreshadowed in a few earlier stories.
Later, Asimov added the Zeroth Law: "A robot may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm";
the rest of the laws are modified sequentially to acknowledge this.

According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first passage in Asimov's short story "Liar!" (1941) that mentions the
First Law is the earliest recorded use of the word robotics. Asimov was not initially aware of this; he assumed the word
already existed by analogy with mechanics, hydraulics, and other similar terms denoting branches of applied knowledge.

Robot competitions
Main article: Robot competition
Robots are used in a number of competitive events. Robot combat competitions have been popularized by television shows
such as Robot Wars and BattleBots, featuring mostly remotely controlled 'robots' that compete against each other
directly using various weaponry, there are also amateur robot combat leagues active globally outside of the televised
events. Micromouse events, in which autonomous robots compete to solve mazes or other obstacle courses are also held
internationally.

Robot competitions are also often used within educational settings to introduce the concept of robotics to children such
as the FIRST Robotics Competition in the US.

Films
See also: Category:Robot films
Robots appear in many films. Most of the robots in cinema are fictional. Two of the most famous are R2-D2 and C-3PO from
the Star Wars franchise.

Sex robots
Main article: Sex robot
The concept of humanoid sex robots has drawn public attention and elicited debate regarding their supposed benefits and
potential effects on society. Opponents argue that the introduction of such devices would be socially harmful, and
demeaning to women and children,[208] while proponents cite their potential therapeutical benefits, particularly in
aiding people with dementia or depression.[209]

Problems depicted in popular culture
Fears and concerns about robots have been repeatedly expressed in a wide range of books and films. A common theme is the
development of a master race of conscious and highly intelligent robots, motivated to take over or destroy the human
race. Frankenstein (1818), often called the first science fiction novel, has become synonymous with the theme of a robot
or android advancing beyond its creator.

Other works with similar themes include The Mechanical Man, The Terminator, Runaway, RoboCop, the Replicators in
Stargate, the Cylons in Battlestar Galactica, the Cybermen and Daleks in Doctor Who, The Matrix, Enthiran and I, Robot.
Some fictional robots are programmed to kill and destroy; others gain superhuman intelligence and abilities by upgrading
their own software and hardware. Examples of popular media where the robot becomes evil are 2001: A Space Odyssey, Red
Planet and Enthiran.

The 2017 game Horizon Zero Dawn explores themes of robotics in warfare, robot ethics, and the AI control problem, as
well as the positive or negative impact such technologies could have on the environment.

Another common theme is the reaction, sometimes called the "uncanny valley", of unease and even revulsion at the sight
of robots that mimic humans too closely.[109]

More recently, fictional representations of artificially intelligent robots in films such as A.I. Artificial
Intelligence and Ex Machina and the 2016 TV adaptation of Westworld have engaged audience sympathy for the robots
themselves.